#+Title: PA1435 Object Oriented Design
#+INCLUDE: "./org/header.org-in" org
#+OPTIONS: toc:nil

* Lecture Dates                                                    :noexport:
#+INCLUDE: "./org/modules.org" org

#+tblname: lecture-dates
| LIntro           | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| LDevMeth         | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| LReqEng          | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| LUseCases        | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| SReqEng          | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| A0ThreeWeek      | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| A1UseCases       | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| SA1UseCases      | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| LStructure       | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| LTesting         | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| LBehaviour       | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| LDesignPatterns  | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| SPatterns        | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| A2OOD            | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| LImplementation  | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| A3Implementation | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |
| SA3Demo          | Individually Booked    |
| SQnA             | <2018-01-22 Mon 10:00> |

* Sprints, Lectures, and Seminars

#+INCLUDE: "./mod-intro.org-in" org

#+INCLUDE: "./mod-uc.org-in" org
#+INCLUDE: "./mod-rs-uc.org-in" org

#+INCLUDE: "./mod-structure.org-in" org
#+INCLUDE: "./mod-behaviour.org-in" org
#+INCLUDE: "./mod-patterns.org-in" org
#+INCLUDE: "./mod-rs-ood.org-in" org

#+INCLUDE: "./mod-implementation.org-in" org
#+INCLUDE: "./mod-rs-testing-implementation.org-in" org

#+INCLUDE: "./mod-finalise.org-in" org

* Lost Puppies							   :noexport:
|                                     | Time                                 | Sprint                                              | Lecture                        | Seminar                                   |
|-------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------+-------------------------------------------|
| [[./images/Icon-Sprint0.jpg]]           |                                      | [[./Sprint0-course-intro.org][Sprint 0: Course Introduction]]                       |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-System.jpg]]            |                                      | [[./System-TwitterNethack.org][System to Work on: TwitterNethack]]                   |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Lecture.jpg]]           | <2017-03-28 Tue 08:00> J1610         |                                                     | [[./Lectures/01_Introduction.pdf][Introduction]]                   |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Sprint.jpg]]            |                                      | [[./Use-Cases.org][Use Cases and Use Case Diagrams]]                     |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Lecture.jpg]]           | <2017-04-07 Fri 10:00> G404          |                                                     | [[./Lectures/035_Use_Cases.pdf][User Stories and UML Use Cases]] |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Seminar.jpg]]           | <2017-04-06 Thu 10:00> J1280 Group 1 |                                                     |                                | [[./SEM-Requirements.org][Requirements, Use Cases, Project Planning]] |
|                                     | <2017-04-06 Thu 15:00> J1280 Group 2 |                                                     |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Release.jpg]]           | Deadline: <2017-04-07 Fri 08:00>     | [[./RS-3week.org][Release Sprint: 3 Week Roll Call; List of Use Cases]] |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Release.jpg]]           | Deadline: <2017-04-12 Wed 08:00>     | [[./RS-Use-Cases.org][Release Sprint: Use Cases]]                           |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-AssignmentSeminar.jpg]] | <2017-04-21 Fri 13:00> J1280 Group 1 |                                                     |                                | [[./SEM-Release1.org][Discuss Release 1]]                         |
|                                     | <2017-04-21 Fri 15:00> J1280 Group 2 |                                                     |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Sprint.jpg]]            |                                      | [[./Concepts-Events.org][Concepts and Events]]                                 |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Lecture.jpg]]           | <2017-04-10 Mon 08:00> G340          |                                                     | [[./Lectures/04_Modelling_Structure.pdf][Structure]]                      |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Lecture.jpg]]           | <2017-04-18 Tue 08:00> G404          |                                                     | [[./Lectures/05_Modelling_Behaviour.pdf][Behaviour]]                      |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Sprint.jpg]]            |                                      | [[./State.org][State Diagrams]]                                      |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Sprint.jpg]]            |                                      | [[./Interactions.org][Good Interactions]]                                   |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Sprint.jpg]]            |                                      | [[./Interactions-Structure.org][Interactions and Structure]]                          |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Sprint.jpg]]            |                                      | [[./Design-Patterns.org][Design Patterns]]                                     |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Lecture.jpg]]           | <2017-04-20 Thu 13:00> G404          |                                                     | [[./Lectures/06_DesignPatterns.pdf][Design Patterns]]                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Seminar.jpg]]           | <2017-04-28 Fri 13:00> J1280 Group 1 |                                                     |                                | [[./SEM-Structure.org][Structure and Design Patterns]]             |
|                                     | <2017-04-28 Fri 15:00> J1280 Group 2 |                                                     |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Release.jpg]]           | Deadline: <2017-05-03 Wed 08:00>     | [[./RS-OOD.org][Release Sprint: Object Oriented Design]]              |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Seminar.jpg]]           | <2017-05-05 Fri 13:00> J1280 Group 1 |                                                     |                                | [[./SEM-OpenDiscussion.org][Open Discussion]]                           |
|                                     | <2017-05-05 Fri 15:00> J1280 Group 2 |                                                     |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-AssignmentSeminar.jpg]] | <2017-05-08 Mon 15:00> J1280 Group 1 |                                                     |                                | [[./SEM-Release2.org][Discuss Release 2]]                         |
|                                     | <2017-05-10 Wed 10:00> J1280 Group 2 |                                                     |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Sprint.jpg]]            |                                      | [[./Implementation.org][Implementation and Designing the User Interface]]     |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Lecture.jpg]]           | <2017-05-04 Thu 13:00> G340          |                                                     | [[./Lectures/07_Design_to_Code.pdf][From Design to Code]]            |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Release.jpg]]           | Deadline: <2017-05-17 Wed 08:00>     | [[./RS-Implementation-Testing.org][Release Sprint: Implementation and Testing]]          |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Lecture.jpg]]           | <2017-05-08 Mon 10:00> C413A         |                                                     | [[./QnA.org][Questions and Answers]]          |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Lecture.jpg]]           | <2017-05-09 Tue 08:00> G404          |                                                     | [[./QnA.org][Questions and Answers]]          |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Lecture.jpg]]           | <2017-05-09 Tue 10:00> C413A         |                                                     | [[./QnA.org][Questions and Answers]]          |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Lecture.jpg]]           | <2017-05-12 Fri 13:00> G404          |                                                     | [[./QnA.org][Questions and Answers]]          |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-AssignmentSeminar.jpg]] | Times booked per group.              |                                                     |                                | [[./SEM-Release3.org][Demo and Discuss Release 3]]                |
| [[./images/Icon-Sprint.jpg]]            |                                      | [[./Exam.org][Preparing for the Exam]]                              |                                |                                           |
| [[./images/Icon-Sprint.jpg]]            |                                      | [[./Sprint99-Finalise.org][Sprint 99: Wrap-up and Finalise the Course]]          |                                |                                           |
|-------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------+-------------------------------------------|
* Local Variables                                                  :noexport:
# Local Variables:
# org-export-use-babel: t
# org-confirm-babel-evaluate: (lambda (lang body) (not (string= lang "emacs-lisp")))
# End:
